Add documentation for install and version commands (#135)
kyma-project/cli: pkg/kyma/docs/install.md

# install

## Description

Installs Kyma on a running Kubernetes cluster.

> 

Reviewer: `This command installs`...? or `Use it to install...`, then we have a full sentence :D

## Usage

```
kyma install [OPTIONS]
```

## Options

> | Name                    | Short Name | Default value| Description|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name                    | Short name | Default value| Description|
```

> | Name                    | Short Name | Default value| Description|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Name                    | Short name | Default value| Description|
```

| ----------|---------|-----|------|

> | --release | -r ||Specifies the Kyma release or git revision to be installed. Go to the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases) to find out more about each of the available releases, or use the revision of your choice. For example, `kyma install --release master`.|

Author: @kazydek,  the table renders somehow strangely when it comes to the first column :) Also should if some flags do not have values, we should leave them blank? Or it would be better to just write "the default value for this flag/option is..." and remove the column?

Reviewer: I would have a separate column as we have in configuration docs. You can write "None" whenever is there is no default value.

> | **&#x2011;&#x2011;release**  | -r ||Specifies the Kyma release or git revision to be installed. Go to the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases) to find out more about each of the available releases, or use the revision of your choice. For example, write `kyma install --release master`.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **&#x2011;&#x2011;release**  | -r ||Specifies the Kyma release or Git revision to be installed. Go to the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases) to find out more about each of the available releases, or use the revision of your choice such as `kyma install --release master`.|
```

> | **--local** | -l |`false`|Indicates local installation using Kyma sources. If the location of your cloned  `kyma-cli` repository follows the Go code conventions, the CLI finds it automatically. If not, you must configure the path explicitly using `--src-path`.| 

Reviewer: I left the flag in code but I guess it should be changed to **--src-path** like in the first table column. Either way, all argument examples should be either in code or in bold.

> | **&#x2011;&#x2011;config**   | -c ||Specifies the URL or path to the Installer configuration yaml file.| 

Reviewer: and not `Kyma Operator`? ;)

| **--override** | -o ||Specifies the path to a `YAML` file with parameters to override.| 
| **--domain** | -d |`kyma.local`|Specifies the domain used for installation.| 
| **--password**| -p ||Specifies the predefined cluster password.| 

> | **--noWait** | -n |`false`|Determines if the installation should wait for the Installer configuration to complete.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--noWait** | -n |`false`|Determines if the installation should wait for the Kyma Operator configuration to complete.| 
```

> | **&#x2011;&#x2011;noWait**   | -n |`false`|Determines if the installation should wait for the Installer configuration to complete.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **&#x2011;&#x2011;noWait**   | -n |`false`|Determines if the installation should wait for the Kyma Operator configuration to complete.| 
```

Reviewer 2: Determines if the installation command should wait for the Kyma installation to complete.

| **--src-path** | ||Specifies the absolute path to local sources.| 
| **--installer-version** | ||Specifies the version of the Kyma Installer Docker image used for the local installation.| 
| **--installer-dir** | ||Specifies the directory of the Kyma Installer Docker image used for the local installation.| 

> | **--timeout** |  |`30m`|Specifies the timeout after which the CLI stops watching the installation progress. The timeout value is a [duration string](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration) meaning a decimal number followed by a unit suffix.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **--timeout** |  |`30m`|Specifies the time-out after which the CLI stops watching the installation progress. The time-out value is a [duration string](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration), meaning a decimal number followed by a unit suffix.| 
```

## Details

> Learn more about the actions triggered by using the command.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Learn more about the actions triggered by the command.
```

> | **&#x2011;&#x2011;timeout**           |  |`30m`|Specifies the timeout after which the CLI stops watching the installation progress. The timeout value is a [duration string](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration) meaning a decimal number followed by a unit suffix.| 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **&#x2011;&#x2011;timeout**           |  |`30m`|Specifies the time-out after which the CLI stops watching the installation progress. The time-out value is a [duration string](https://golang.org/pkg/time/#ParseDuration) meaning a decimal number followed by a unit suffix.| 
```

### Prerequisites

Before you use the command, make sure your setup meets the following prerequisites:

* Kyma is not installed.
* Kubernetes cluster is available with your KUBECONFIG already pointing to it.
* Helm binary is available (optional).

### Installation flow 

> The standard installation using the minimal configuration, the system performs the following steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The standard installation uses minimal configuration. The system performs the following steps:
```

1. Fetches the `tiller.yaml` file from the `/installation/resources` directory and deploys it to the cluster.
2. Deploys and configures the Kyma Installer. At this point, the steps differ depending on the installation type.
    <div tabs name="installation">
    <details>
    <summary>
    From release
    </summary>

    When you install Kyma locally from release, the system:

>     1. Fetches the latest or specified release along with configuration.

Reviewer: I would remove periods from all those points.

    2. Deploys the Kyma Installer on the cluster.
    3. Applies downloaded or defined configuration.

>     4. Applies overrides if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Applies overrides, if applicable
```

>     4. Applies overrides if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Applies overrides, if applicable.
```

    5. Sets the admin password.
    6. Patches the Minikube IP.
    </details>
    <details>
    <summary>
    From sources
    </summary>
    
    When you install Kyma locally from sources, the system:

>     1. Fetches the `YAML` files of the local sources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    1. Fetches the YAML files of the local sources
```

    2. Builds the Kyma Installer image.
    3. Deploys the Kyma Installer and applies the fetched configuration.

>     4. Applies overrides if applicable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    4. Applies overrides, if applicable
```

    5. Sets the admin password.
    6. Patches the Minikube IP.
    </details>
    </div>

> 3. Configures Helm (optional). If installed, Helm is automatically configured using certificates from tiller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configures Helm. This step is optional. If installed, Helm is automatically configured using certificates from the Tiller.
```

> 4. Runs Kyma installation until the status `installed` confirms the success.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Runs Kyma installation until the `installed` status confirms the successful installation.
```

> 3. Configures Helm. If installed, Helm is automatically configured using certificates from tiller. This step is optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Configures Helm. If installed, Helm is automatically configured using certificates from Tiller. This step is optional.
```

> **NOTE**: You can override the standard installation settings using the `--override` or `--config` flag.

## Examples

> The following examples include the most common cases of using the install command. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples include the most common uses of the `install` command. 
```

> 1. Install Kyma from the current release:

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this should be a numbered list...

   ```bash
   kyma install
   ```
2. Install Kyma from local sources:

   >**NOTE**: The location of your cloned `kyma-cli` repository must comply with Go code naming conventions. 

   ```bash
   kyma install --local
   ```
3. Install Kyma from local sources using the absolute **{SRC_PATH}**:
   ```bash
   kyma install --src-path {SRC_PATH}
   ```
3. Install Kyma using your own configuration:

   ```bash
   kyma install --config {YAML_FILE_PATH}
   ```

>    [Here](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases/download/1.2.2/kyma-installer-local.yaml) you can find an example of the Installer configuration `YAML` file to base your own configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [Here](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases/download/1.2.2/kyma-installer-local.yaml) you can find an example of the Installer configuration YAML file. Use it to create your own configuration.
```

>    [Here](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases/download/1.2.2/kyma-installer-local.yaml) you can find an example of the Installer configuration yaml file. Use it to create your own configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   [Here](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases/download/1.2.2/kyma-installer-local.yaml) you can find an example of the Kyma Operator configuration yaml file. Use it to create your own configuration.
```

# install

## Description

Installs Kyma on a running Kubernetes cluster.

## Usage

```
kyma install [OPTIONS]
```

## Options

| Name     | Short Name | Default value| Description|
| ----------|---------|-----|------|

> | --release | -r ||Kyma release to use|

Reviewer 2: please mention where to find it. Furthermore you can use any git revision here like 'master', not only real rease versions

You can override the settings using the --override or --config flag.
  2a) If you choose to install Kyma from release, the system:
	 - Fetches the latest or specified release along with configuration
	 - Deploys the Kyma Installer on the cluster
	 - Applies downloaded or defined configuration
	 - Applies overrides if applicable
	 - Sets admin password
	 - Patches the minikube IP
  2b) If you choose to install Kyma from local sources, the system:
	 - Fetches local resources YAML files
	 - Builds the Kyma Installer image
	 - Deploys the Kyma Installer and applies the fetched configuration
	 - Applies overrides if applicable
	 - Sets admin password
	 - Patches minikube IP
3. Configures Helm (optional). If installed, Helm is automatically configured using certificates from tiller.
4. Runs Kyma installation until the status "Installed" confirms the success.

## Examples

The following examples include the most common cases of using the install command. 
1. Install Kyma from the current release:
   ```bash
   install kyma
   ```

2. Install Kyma from sources:
   ```bash
   install kyma --local
   ```

3. Install Kyma using your own configuration:
   ```bash

>    install kyma --config {YAML_FILE_PATH}

Reviewer 2: Example for that yaml is the base config for minikube setup, see https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases/download/1.2.2/kyma-config-local.yaml

   ```

> 4. Install Kyma and override parameters listed in a YAML file:

Reviewer 2: I think we need to provide an example of such a YAML file, unfortunately the current solution expects a specific format, or at least link to the relevant kyma documentation

Author: Do you perhaps have a link to a YAML file I can use here?

Reviewer 2: ```
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: istio-overrides 
  namespace: kyma-installer 
  labels:
    installer: overrides
    component: istio
data:
  kiali.enabled: "true"
```
see also https://kyma-project.io/docs/root/kyma/#configuration-helm-overrides-for-kyma-installation

| Name     | Short Name | Default value| Description|
| ----------|---------|-----|------|
| --release | -r ||Specifies the Kyma release or git revision to be installed. Go to the [GitHub releases page](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma/releases) to find out more about each of the available releases, or use the revision of your choice. For example, `kyma install --release master`.|

> | --local | -r |false|Indicates installtion from sources. To make it work, make sure you have **{GO_PATH}** set and the location of your sources complies with the Go file and naming convention.| 

Reviewer 2: spelling mistake: installtion

> | --local | -r |false|Indicates installtion from sources. To make it work, make sure you have **{GO_PATH}** set and the location of your sources complies with the Go file and naming convention.| 

Reviewer 2: installation from a local Kyma git checkout. If the checkout is located following the XXX conventions, the CLI will find it automatically, otherwise use --XX to configure the path explicit

Author: Done.

| --config | -r ||Specifies the URL or path to the Installer configuration YAML file.| 
| --override | -r ||Specifies the path to YAML file with parameters to override. Multiple entries of this flag are allowed.| 
| --domain | -r |kyma.local|Specifies the domain used for installation.| 
| --password | -r ||Specifies the predefined cluster password.| 
| --noWait | -r |false|Determines if the installation should wait for the Installer configuration to complete.| 
| --src-path | ||Specifies the absolute path to local sources.| 
| --installer-version | ||Specifies the version of the Kyma Installer Docker image used for the local installation.| 
| --installer-dir | ||Specifies the directory of the Kyma Installer Docker image used for the local installation.| 

> | --timeout |  |0|Specifies the timeout after which CLI stops watching the installation progress.| 

Reviewer 2: default gets currently changed to 30m, please check with @clebs the notation for values, it must be mentioned here
